Flow run job variables docs (#12490)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/guides/deployment/overriding-job-variables.md

## Background
First of all, what are _"job variables"_?

> Job variables are infrastructure related values that are configurable on a work pool, which may be relevant to how your flow run executes on your infrastructure. Job variables can be overridden a per-deployment or per-flow run basis, allowing you to dynamically change infrastructure from the work pools defaults depending on your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Job variables are infrastructure related values that are configurable on a work pool, which may be relevant to how your flow run executes on your infrastructure. Job variables can be overridden on a per-deployment or per-flow run basis, allowing you to dynamically change infrastructure from the work pools defaults depending on your needs.
```

> Job variables are infrastructure related values that are configurable on a work pool, which may be relevant to how your flow run executes on your infrastructure. Job variables can we overrides on a per-deployment or per-flow run basis, allowing you to dynamically change infrastructure from the work pools defaults depending on your needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Job variables are infrastructure related values that are configurable on a work pool, which may be relevant to how your flow run executes on your infrastructure. Job variables can be overridden a per-deployment or per-flow run basis, allowing you to dynamically change infrastructure from the work pools defaults depending on your needs.
```

Reviewer: "can be overridden on a"

> Job variables are infrastructure related values that are configurable on a work pool, which may be relevant to how your flow run executes on your infrastructure. Job variables can we overrides on a per-deployment or per-flow run basis, allowing you to dynamically change infrastructure from the work pools defaults depending on your needs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Job variables are infrastructure related values that are configurable on a work pool, which may be relevant to how your flow run executes on your infrastructure. Job variables can be overridden on a per-deployment or per-flow run basis, allowing you to dynamically change infrastructure from the work pool's defaults depending on your needs.
```

Let's look at how to do that.

> ## How to override job variables on a Deployment

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## How to override job variables on a deployment
```

> ## How to override job variables on a Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to override job variables on a deployment
```

... will deploy the flow with the specified job variables, which should then be visible in the UI under the `Configuration` tab.

![Job variables in the UI](/img/guides/job-variables.png)

> ## How to override job variables on a Flow Run

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## How to override job variables on a flow run
```

> ## How to override job variables on a Flow Run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to override job variables on a flow run
```

When running flows, you can pass in job variables that override any values set on the work pool or deployment. Any interface that runs deployments can accept job variables.

### Using the custom run form in the UI

> Custom runs allow yo uto pass in a dictionary of variables into your flow run infrastructure. Using the same `env` example from above, we could do the following.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Custom runs allow you to pass in a dictionary of variables into your flow run infrastructure. Using the same `env` example from above, we could do the following:
```

> Custom runs allow yo uto pass in a dictionary of variables into your flow run infrastructure. Using the same `env` example from above, we could do the following.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Custom runs allow you to pass in a dictionary of variables into your flow run infrastructure. Using the same `env` example from above, we could do the following.
```

![Job variables via custom run](/img/ui/deployment-job-variables.png)

### Using the CLI

> Similarly, runs kicked off via cli accept job variables with the `-jv --job-variable` flag.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Similarly, runs kicked off via CLI accept job variables with the `-jv --job-variable` flag.
```

> Similarly, runs kicked off via cli accept job variables with the `-jv --job-variable` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, runs kicked off via the CLI accept job variables with the `-jv/--job-variable` flag.
```
or maybe not "the" 🤷‍♀️

Reviewer: or "`-jv` or `--job-variable` flag".

Author: yeah i like it

```bash

> prefect deployment run --id "fb8e3073-c449-474b-b993-851fe5e80e53" --job-variable MY_NEW_ENV_VAR=42 --job-variable HELLO=THERE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prefect deployment run \
  --id "fb8e3073-c449-474b-b993-851fe5e80e53" \
  --job-variable MY_NEW_ENV_VAR=42 \
  --job-variable HELLO=THERE
```

This requires a lot of scrolling to the right in the preview otherwise

Alternatively (or additionally) we could use the short form `-jv`.

```

> ### Using job variables in Automations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using job variables in automations
```

> ### Using job variables in Automations

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Using job variables in automations
```

> Additionally, runs kicked off via automation actions can use job variables, including ones rendered from jinja templates.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Additionally, runs kicked off via automation actions can use job variables, including ones rendered from Jinja templates.
```
